What's going on here?
It's over, it's reincarnation
How is that possible?
This is indeed a gift from the Night God
Could it be that this medicine is really a gift from Yeyan?
Hunter, please save my grandfather
Damn girl, what are you begging him for?
Ask for the little general too.
Ruye
Baoer Yan Shen has arrived
It's too late.
My friend said he was going to die
That's really not going to live
Don't gloat here
This is the normal drug after the drug.
Master Liu will definitely recover
That's right, no matter what, Young Master Jiang is also the heart of a constitutional treasure
saving love
But what about you?
You, a waste, will only make trouble on the side
In my opinion, if the old man has three long and two short
But you can't get rid of your complaints
You killed the old man
Ye Ye, don't get into trouble here
The matter of you impersonating Ye Shenying is not over yet
Wait for someone to arrive later.
You remember to kowtow and admit your mistake
Good idea.
I'm going to see who kowtows to whom today
Night god